Improving the setup for the Active Record Encryption Guide (#49170)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_encryption.md

  key_derivation_salt: xEY0dt6TZcAMg52K7O84wYzkjvbA62Hz
```

> These values can be stored by copying and pasting the generated values into your existing [Rails credentials](/security.html#custom-credentials). Altenatively, these values can be set explicitly in the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values can be stored by copying and pasting the generated values into your existing [Rails credentials](/security.html#custom-credentials). Altenatively, these values can be configured from other sources, such as environment variables:
```

Small suggestion, how does this sound?

Author: I like it!

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ruby
```

> These values can be stored by copying and pasting the generated values into your existing [Rails credentials](/security.html#custom-credentials). Altenatively, these values can be configured from other sources, such as environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values can be stored by copying and pasting the generated values into your existing [Rails credentials](/security.html#custom-credentials). Alternatively, these values can be configured from other sources, such as environment variables:
```

Sorry I missed this in my first review 🤦
